Bylaws
The Realtor Apartment

BYLAWS OF
THE REALTOR APARTMENT
OWNERS ASSOCIATION

The following are Bylaws of The Realtor Apartment Owners Association, a corporation organized
under the Washington Nonprofit Corporation Act (RCW 24.03, the "Nonprofit Corporation Act").
These Bylaws provide for operation of The Realtor Apartment, a condominium (the "Condominium")
located at 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US, created pursuant to the Washington Condominium
Act (RCW 64.34, the "Condominium Act"). They apply to the entire Condominium, each Unit
therein, and all common elements. Each Owner automatically, by virtue of such ownership, becomes
a member of the Association. All present and future Owners, Mortgagees and other encumbrances,
lessees, tenants, licensees, and occupants of Units, and their guests and employees, and any other
person who may use the facilities of the Condominium are subject to these Bylaws, the Condominium
Declaration for The Realtor Apartment, a condominium, as it may from time to time be amended (the
"Declaration") and the rules and regulations pertaining to use and operation of the condominium.

Words and phrases that are defined in the Declaration shall have the same meaning in these Bylaws.

---

ARTICLE 1. MEMBERSHIP; VOTING; REGISTER.

Section 1.1 Membership. The Owners of Units in the Condominium shall constitute the Owners
Association. Corporations, partnerships, associations, and other legal entities, trustees under an
express trust, and other fiduciaries, as well as natural persons may be members of the Association.
Owners of a Unit as joint tenants, tenants in common, community property, or other ownership
involving more than one Owner, shall be joint members of the Association, but the sum total of their
vote shall not exceed the voting power allocated to the Units owned.

Section 1.2 Number of Votes. The total voting power equals the number of Units in the
Condominium and the total number of votes available to the Owner or Owners of each Unit shall be
equal to one vote for each Unit owned.

Section 1.3 Voting by Multiple Owners. If only one of the multiple Owners of a Unit is present
at a meeting of the Association, the Owner is entitled to cast all the votes allocated to that Unit. If
more than one of the multiple Owners are present, the votes allocated to that Unit may be cast only
in accordance with the agreement of a majority in interest of the multiple Owners. There is majority
agreement if any one of the multiple Owners casts the votes allocated to that Unit without protest
being made promptly to the person presiding over the meeting by any of the other Owners of the
Unit.

Section 1.4 Voting Representative. An Owner may, by written notice to the Board, designate a
voting representative for the Unit. The voting representative need not be an Owner. The designation
may be revoked at any time by written notice to the Board from a person having an ownership
interest in a Unit, or by actual notice to the Board of the death or judicially declared incompetence
of any person with an ownership interest in the Unit, except in cases in which the person designated
is a Mortgagee of the Unit. This power of designation and revocation may be exercised by the
guardian of an Owner, the attorney-in-fact of the Owner under a durable power of attorney, or the
administrators or executors of an Owner's estate. If no designation has been made, or if a
designation has been revoked and no new designation has been made, the voting representative of
each Unit shall be the group composed of all of its Owners. If a Unit is owned by husband and wife
and only one of them is at a meeting, the one who is present will represent the marital community.

Section 1.5 Voting by Proxy; Pledged Votes to Mortgagee. Votes allocated to a Unit may be
cast pursuant to a proxy duly executed by an Owner. If a Unit is owned by more than one person,
each Owner of a Unit may vote or register protest to the casting of votes by the other Owners of the
Unit through a duly executed proxy. A Unit Owner may not revoke a proxy given pursuant to this
Section except by actual notice of revocation to the person presiding over a meeting of the
Association. A proxy is void if it is not dated or purports to be revocable without notice. Unless
stated otherwise in the proxy, a proxy terminates 11 months after its date of issuance. An Owner
may, but shall not be obligated to, pledge his or her vote on all issues or on specific issues to a
Mortgagee. If an Owner is in default under a first Mortgage on the Unit for one year or more, the
Mortgagee shall automatically be authorized to declare at any time thereafter that the Owner has
pledged his or her vote on all issues to the Mortgagee during the continuance of the default. If the
Board has been notified of any such pledge to a Mortgagee, only the vote of the Mortgagee will be
recognized on the issues that are subject to the pledge.

Section 1.6 Persons Under Disability. Minors and persons declared legally incompetent shall
be eligible for membership in the Association, if otherwise qualified, but shall not be permitted to
vote except through a legally appointed, qualified, and acting guardian of their estate voting on their
behalf, or, in the case of a minor with no legal guardian of his estate, through a parent having
custody of the minor.

Section 1.7 Register of Members. The Board shall cause a register to be kept containing the
names and addresses of all members of the Association. Persons who purchase an interest in a Unit
shall promptly inform the Board of their interest. Persons who claim to be members of the
Association shall, upon request, furnish the Board with copies of any documents under which they
assert ownership of a Unit or any interest therein, and any Mortgages thereon.

---

ARTICLE 2. MEETINGS OF MEMBERS.

Section 2.1 Place. Meetings of the members of the Association shall be held at such suitable
place as may be convenient to the membership and designated from time to time by the Board.

Section 2.2 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Association shall be held in the first
quarter of each fiscal year on a date fixed by the Board, which date shall not be less than 10 nor
more than 60 days after notice of the meeting is given to the members. At such annual meeting the
Owners shall elect members to the Board or fill vacancies therein, and transact such other business
as shall properly come before the meeting.

Section 2.3 Budget Meeting. Within 30 days after adoption of any proposed budget for the
Association, the Board shall provide a summary of the budget to all of the members and set a date
for a meeting of the members to consider ratification of the budget, which date shall be not less than
14 nor more than 60 days after mailing the summary. Unless at the meeting members holding a
majority of the votes in the Association vote to reject the budget, the budget is ratified, whether or
not a quorum is present for the meeting. In the event the proposed budget is rejected or the required
notice for the meeting is not given, the budget last ratified by the Owners shall be continued until a
budget proposed by the Board is ratified.

Section 2.4 Special Meetings. A special meeting of the Association may be called by the
president, by resolution of the Board or upon the written request of a majority of the Board or upon
the written request of any Owner on not less than 10 nor more than 60 days in advance of the
meeting. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting except as stated in the notice given
therefor unless consented to by each of the Owners present either in person or by proxy.

Section 2.5 Notice of Meetings. It shall be the duty of the secretary to give notice of each
annual, budget and special meeting. Such notice shall be hand-delivered or sent prepaid by
first-class United States mail to the mailing address of each Unit or to any other mailing address
designated in writing by the Unit Owner, to each member of the Association and to each Eligible
Mortgagee, if required by Article 28 of the Declaration. The notice of any meeting shall state the
time and place of the meeting and the items on the agenda to be voted on by the members, including
the general nature of any proposed amendment to the Declaration or Bylaws, changes in the
previously approved budget that result in a change in Assessment obligations, and any proposal to
remove a director or officer. Before any meeting of the Association, any member may, in writing,
waive notice of such meeting. Attendance by a member at a meeting of the Association shall be a
waiver by him of timely and adequate notice unless he expressly challenges the notice when the
meeting begins.

Section 2.6 Quorum. The presence in person or by proxy of members of the Association or
voting representatives holding 25% of the total voting power shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at any meeting of members of the Association.

Section 2.7 Adjournment of Meetings. If any meeting of Owners cannot be organized because
a quorum has not attended, the Owners present, in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to
a time not less than 48 hours from the time the original meeting was called.

Section 2.8 Majority Vote. Except as otherwise provided by the Condominium Act, by the
Declaration, or by these Bylaws, passage of any matter submitted to vote at a meeting where a
quorum is present, shall require the affirmative vote of at least 51% of the votes present.

Section 2.9 Voting by Mail. The Board may decide that voting of the members shall be by mail
with respect to any particular election of the Board or with respect to adoption of any proposed
amendment to the Declaration or Bylaws, or with respect to any other matter for which approval by
Owners is required by the Declaration or Bylaws, in accordance with the following procedure:

(a) In case of election of directors by mail, the existing directors shall advise the Secretary in
writing of the names of nominees for all directors to be elected and of a date not less than 50 days
after such advice is given as the date by which ballots must be received.
[Document continues.]
