Articles of Incorporation
The Realtor Apartment

I, Secretary of State of the State of Washington and custodian of its seal,
hereby issue this

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

to

THE REALTOR APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION

a Washington Non Profit corporation. Articles of Incorporation were filed for record in
this office on the date indicated below.

UBI Number: 601 879 556 Date: June 01, 1998

Given under my hand and the Seal of the State of Washington at Olympia, the State Capital.

---

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF

THE REALTOR APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION

The undersigned, acting as incorporator of a corporation under the Washington Nonprofit
Corporation Act (Ch. 24.03 RCW), adopts the following Articles of Incorporation for the
corporation.

ARTICLE 1. Name
The name of this corporation is The Realtor Apartment Owners Association.

ARTICLE 2. Duration
The duration of this corporation is perpetual.

ARTICLE 3. Purposes

This corporation is organized to provide an entity pursuant to the Washington Condominium
Act (Ch. 64.34 RCW), hereinafter called the "Condominium Act," for the operation of
The Realtor Apartment, a condominium located at 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US, and
to engage in all such activities as are incidental or conducive to the attainment of the objectives
of the corporation and all activities which are permitted to be done by a nonprofit corporation
under any laws that may now or hereafter be applicable or available to this corporation. The
powers of this corporation shall be subject to and shall be exercised in accordance with the
Condominium Act and the provisions of the Condominium Declaration for The Realtor Apartment,
a condominium, as it may from time to time be amended, hereinafter referred to as the
"Declaration."

ARTICLE 4. Dissolution

Upon dissolution or final liquidation of the corporation, the assets of the corporation shall
be distributed among the members of the corporation in accordance with the Condominium Act
and the Declaration.

ARTICLE 5. Members

The corporation shall have one class of members, which shall consist of the owners of the
units at The Realtor Apartment, a condominium. The rights, privileges and obligations of the
members are set forth in the Condominium Act, the Declaration and the Bylaws of the corporation.

ARTICLE 6. Registered Office and Agent

The name of the initial registered agent of the corporation is John Smith. The address of
the initial registered office of the corporation is 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US.

ARTICLE 7. Directors

The number of directors of this corporation shall be fixed by the Bylaws and may be
increased or decreased from time to time in the manner specified therein. The initial Board of
Directors shall consist of three directors. The names and addresses of the persons who shall serve
as directors until the first meeting of the members and until their successors are elected and qualify
unless they resign or are removed are John Smith, Jane Doe, and John Smith, whose address is
1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US.

ARTICLE 8. Limitation of Liability

A director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its members
for monetary damages for conduct as a director, except for liability of the director (i) for acts or
omissions which involve intentional misconduct by the director or a knowing violation of law by
the director, (ii) for any transaction from which the director will personally receive a benefit in
money, property or services to which the director is not legally entitled, or (iii) for conduct
violating Section 23B.08.310 of the Washington Business Corporation Act.

Any repeal or modification of this Article by the directors or members of the corporation
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of any individual who is or was a director of the
corporation which existed at the time of such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 9. Indemnification

The corporation shall indemnify any individual made a party to a proceeding because that
individual is or was a director of the corporation and shall advance or reimburse the reasonable
expenses incurred by such individual in advance of final disposition of the proceeding, without
regard to the limitations in RCW 23B.08.510 through 23B.08.550 of the Washington Business
Corporation Act, or any other limitation which may hereafter be enacted to the extent such
limitation may be disregarded if authorized by the Articles of Incorporation, to the full extent and
under all circumstances permitted by applicable law.

Any indemnification provided under this Article shall, unless limited by the terms of the
undertaking to indemnify, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee
or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.

Any repeal or modification of this Article by the directors or members of the corporation
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of any individual who is or was a director or officer
of the corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 10. Amendment

Any amendment to these Articles of Incorporation shall require the approval of not less than
sixty-seven percent (67%) of the votes of the members of the corporation and such other approvals
as may be required in Article 26 of the Declaration.

ARTICLE 11. Incorporator

The name of the incorporator is John Smith. His address is 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US.

Executed on May 29, 1998.

---

CONSENT TO SERVE AS REGISTERED AGENT

John Smith hereby consents to serve as Registered Agent in the State of Washington for
The Realtor Apartment Owners Association. John Smith understands that as agent for the
corporation, it will be his responsibility to receive service of process in the name of the
corporation; to forward all mail to the corporation; and to immediately notify the office of the
Secretary of State in the event of his resignation, or of any changes in the registered office address
of the corporation for which he is agent.

May 29, 1998

NAME OF REGISTERED AGENT: John Smith
ADDRESS OF REGISTERED AGENT: 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US

---

Secretary of State

I, Secretary of State of the State of Washington and custodian of its seal,
hereby issue this

CERTIFICATE OF EXISTENCE/AUTHORIZATION
OF
THE REALTOR APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION

I FURTHER CERTIFY that the records on file in this office show that the above named
nonprofit corporation was formed under the laws of the State of Washington and was issued a
Certificate of Incorporation in Washington on June 1, 1998.

I FURTHER CERTIFY that as of the date of this certificate, no Articles of Dissolution have
been filed, and that the corporation is duly authorized to transact business in the corporate form
in the State of Washington.

Date: November 13, 2003

---

CORPORATION INFORMATION 11/13/2003

Entity Type: NON-PROFIT CORPORATION
Name: THE REALTOR APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION
Reg Agent: John Smith
Office Addr: 1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US
ENDRS Exp Date: 06 30 2004   ENDRS Status: A   Bus Status: A
Inc Date: 06 01 1998   Inc State: WA

---

November 14, 2003

VIA US MAIL

Jane Doe
The Realtor Apartment Association Management
1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US

Re: Certificate Of Existence/Authorization
The Realtor Apartment Owners Association

Dear Ms. Doe:

Enclosed is a copy of the Certificate of Existence of The Realtor Apartment Owners Association.
As the Certificate states, no Articles of Dissolution have been filed and the corporation is
authorized to conduct business in Washington. Please retain these copies for your records. Feel
free to call me with any questions or concerns.

Sincerely,

John Smith
Attorney at Law
