Other Document
The Realtor Apartment

Dear Owner: January 1, 2013 Washington State law requires all new construction to have carbon monoxide
detectors in all residences, including apartments, condos, hotels, dormitories and residential institutions.
Additionally per state law, effective January 1, 2013, unit owners that are renting or leasing their unit(s) are
required by law to have installed operational, carbon monoxide detectors in all existing or new construction
rental units.

If a unit owner is selling a condominium unit, they are required to install an operational carbon monoxide
detector prior to selling. If you are the buyer of an existing condominium unit, please verify with the unit
owner/seller that they have complied with R315.1.

The key aspects of the law are:

R315.1 Carbon Monoxide Alarms: to be installed outside of each separate sleeping area in the immediate vicinity
of the bedrooms in dwelling units and on each level of the dwelling and in accordance with the manufacturer's
recommendation.

The Realtor Apartment Association Management strives to keep you informed of important new laws or
requirements that may impact your home. Thanks in advance for your attention to this important matter. If you
need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Kind Regards,

John Smith
Property Manager
The Realtor Apartment Association
1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US

THE ASSOCIATION AND MANAGING AGENT HAVE NOT INSPECTED THE UNIT IN QUESTION AND HAVE NOT VERIFIED WHETHER AN
OPERATIONAL CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR HAS BEEN INSTALLED AS OUTLINED IN R315.1. IF YOU ARE IN THE PROCESS OF PURCHASING A
CONDOMINIUM UNIT, PLEASE VERIFY WITH THE SELLER WHETHER THEY HAVE COMPLIED WITH THE LAW.

THE ASSOCIATION AND MANAGING AGENT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR CAUSES OF
ACTION INCURRED BY ANY BUYER OR SELLER, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO RELIANCE ON THIS DOCUMENT. BUYER IS INSTRUCTED TO SEEK INDEPENDENT LEGAL, FINANCIAL AND/OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
COUNSEL WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS, AT BUYER'S EXPENSE.

---

Carbon Monoxide Detector in Existing Residential Structures

According to national statistics from the Centers for Disease Control, carbon monoxide (CO) kills more
than 500 people and accounts for an estimated 20,000 emergency department visits annually in the United
States. Washington State experienced the dire effects of carbon monoxide poisoning after powerful wind
storms struck Washington in December 2006. It is estimated that over 1,000 people in our State were seen at
hospital emergency rooms with symptoms of CO poisoning, and eight people reportedly died of CO exposure.

In accordance with State law, existing residential structures must be equipped with carbon monoxide
alarms no later than January 1, 2013.

Exceptions:
1. Single-family residences are exempt from this requirement except upon sale. At that time, the seller
   must equip the residence with carbon monoxide alarms before the buyer or any other person may
   legally occupy the residence.

2. Motels, hotels, college dormitories and DSHS licensed boarding homes and residential treatment
   facilities may install a common area carbon monoxide system when certain conditions are met.
   Contact your local Building or Fire Department for additional information.

Maintenance
The maintenance of a carbon monoxide alarm in rental units, including the replacement of batteries, is the
responsibility of the tenant, who shall maintain the alarm as specified by the manufacturer.

Required locations:
1. Outside of each separate dwelling unit sleeping area in the immediate vicinity of the bedrooms.
2. On every occupiable level of a dwelling unit, including basements but excluding attics and crawl spaces.

Each alarm or detector shall be located as specified in the manufacturer's published instructions that
accompany the unit.

Power Supply: In existing structures carbon monoxide alarms may be battery operated, plug-in, or hard wired.

Combination Detectors: A single smoke/carbon monoxide detector located in each of the required locations
is permitted.

All Carbon Monoxide Detectors must be listed (UL Standard 2034).

References: RCW 19.27.530; WAC 51-51-0315, WAC 51-54-4603.8, NFPA 720 & UL 2034

---

Understanding the Washington State Carbon Monoxide Alarm Laws
RCW 19.27.530 (2009) and Chapter 132 Laws of 2012 (SSB 6472)

Carbon monoxide (CO) is a poisonous gas that cannot be seen or smelled and can kill a person in
minutes. Carbon monoxide can quickly build up to unsafe levels in enclosed or semi-enclosed areas.
Carbon monoxide killed over 1,000 Washington residents between 1990 and 2005. In the aftermath of
the December 2006 windstorm, over 300 people were treated at hospital emergency rooms for CO
poisoning and eight people died. Generators in garages, or near air intakes, and use of charcoal or gas
grills indoors, are common causes of CO poisoning during power outages. Fuel burning appliances,
attached garages, and fireplaces are also sources of CO.

Beginning January 1, 2011, state law required CO alarms to be installed in all new single family homes and
residences, including apartments, condominiums, hotels, and motels.

State law requires CO alarms be installed in existing apartments, condominiums, hotels, motels and single-
family residences by January 1, 2013.

Single-family residences legally occupied before July 26, 2009, are not required to have CO alarms until
they are sold. The seller is required to equip the residence with CO alarms before any other person legally
occupies the home. Substitute Senate Bill 6472 added CO alarms to the Purchase/Sale disclosure form in 2012.

Exemptions
SSB 5561, implemented as RCW 19.27.530, charged the State Building Code Council with adoption of
administrative rules (WAC 51-50-0908) to implement the carbon monoxide alarm law and consider exemptions
for some building classifications. Sleeping units or dwelling units in new or existing motels, hotels, college
dormitories, and DSHS licensed boarding home and residential treatment facilities, which do not themselves
contain a fuel-burning appliance, or a fuel-burning fireplace, or have an attached garage, but are located in a
building with a fuel-burning appliance, or a fuel-burning fireplace, or an attached garage, need not be provided
with CO alarms provided that:

  - The sleeping unit or dwelling unit is not adjacent to any room that contains a fuel-burning appliance,
    a fuel-burning fireplace, or an attached garage; and
  - The sleeping unit or dwelling unit is not connected by duct work or ventilation shafts with a supply or
    return register in the same room to any room containing a fuel-burning appliance, a fuel-burning
    fireplace, or to an attached garage; and
  - The building has a common area CO alarm system.

Enforcement
Local code officials will check for compliance with the CO alarm installation requirements when a permit is
required for new construction and most alterations, repairs or additions.

CO alarm installation requirements
1. Alarms must be located outside of each separate sleeping area, in the immediate vicinity of the
   bedroom and on each level of the residence.
2. Single station carbon monoxide alarms must be listed as complying with UL 2034, and installed in
   accordance with the code and the manufacturer's instructions.
3. Combined CO and smoke alarms are permitted.

For more information, contact:
The Realtor Apartment Association
1st Main St, Mainly, WA 98100, US

Jane Doe
Association Contact
