Rules and Regulations
The Realtor Apartment

The Realtor Apartment
Homeowners' Association Rules and Regulations
Adopted: December 2, 1999
Revised: Jan 16, 2013
Page 1 of 6

Introduction

All homeowners, tenants, guests and pets are subject to The Realtor Apartment's Homeowner's
Association Rules and Regulations and the original Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R's)
contained with the Declaration of the Homeowner's Association, recorded under the King County
recording number 99810201182, located in the Public Offering Statement. It is the responsibility of
the homeowner to notify tenants and guests of these rules, and the homeowner will be held responsible
by the Board of Directors for actions of his or her tenants, guests and pets in violation of Association
rules. Homeowners shall provide a copy of these rules and regulations to any and all tenants.


1. General Rules

1.1
No noxious, offensive or illegal activity shall be permitted in any unit, Common Area, or Limited
Common Area at The Realtor Apartment. Anything, which is, or may become, a reasonable annoyance,
nuisance or danger to other homeowner or residents, is prohibited.

1.2
A general business license will be required for every business enterprise operating out of a
The Realtor Apartment unit. No businesses that require walk-in or drive-in traffic will be allowed.

1.3
No bicycles, skateboards, in-line skating or motorized vehicles are permitted on the grass, barked areas,
or flowerbeds. Flowerbeds and barked areas are not to be used as play areas.

1.4
All window coverings must appear white or off-white when viewed from the exterior of any building
within the Association of The Realtor Apartment. No items shall be placed between the blinds and the
windows with the exception of items listed in 6.1 and/or a decal representing the presence of an active
security system.

1.5
The hanging of rugs, towels, linen, clothing, etc., from decks, patios, balconies and/or railings is
prohibited.

1.6
Decks, patios and balconies are not to be used for storage of wood, bicycles and boxes or of any other
large or unsightly object. These items should be stored in the garages. Decks, patios and balconies are
intended for typical items such as barbecues, patio furniture and plants.

1.7
Homeowners are responsible for the expense of repair or replacement of any property damaged through
their own, their guest's, their tenant's or their pet's negligence or fault.

1.8
No toxic substances or pollutants are to be poured down the storm drains at The Realtor Apartment.
These include, but are not limited to, motor oil, antifreeze, paint, paint thinner, etc.

1.9
Homeowners, tenants and residents are to use discretion when using musical instruments, stereos,
televisions, radios, car stereos, etc., so as not to disturb other residents. King County noise abatement
policy dictates that quiet hours are from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m.

1.10
Shutoff nozzles are required for any exterior usage of garden hoses in order to conserve water and
sewage costs to the Homeowners Association. No hose reels or other hose storage devices are allowed
outside of the units.

1.11
Late payment of Homeowners dues received after the tenth (10th) of the month will be assessed a $25
late fee. In the event the homeowner's dues are two (2) months past due, the Board, at its sole
discretion, may take further actions which could include filing a claim for the dues and recording a lien
against the unit. Any legal fees incurred due to delinquent homeowner accounts will be charged to the
delinquent homeowner.

---

The Realtor Apartment
Homeowners' Association Rules and Regulations
Adopted: December 2, 1999
Revised: Jan 16, 2013
Page 2 of 6

2. Common Areas

2.1
No homeowner, tenant or guest shall repair or replace any of the Common or Limited Common Areas or
make any improvement or addition to such areas, except by Board approval. All work on Common or
Limited Common Areas shall be performed by agencies or individuals contracted by the Homeowner's
Association under the control of the Board.

2.2
Drilling, piercing, or defacing of the exterior of any building is prohibited. This includes vinyl siding,
wood trim, and trellis'.

2.3
Homeowners, tenants, or guests may not remove any plant materials from the Common or Limited
Common Areas without approval of the Board.

2.4
Common and Limited Common Areas are designated for the enjoyment of all homeowners and tenants.
Activities that are annoying to others or may be damaging to property are strictly prohibited.

2.5
Littering in the Common and Limited Common Areas is prohibited (this includes, but is not limited to,
newspaper, chewing gum, cigarette butts and dog excrement).

2.6
Installation of any electrical fixtures, plumbing, telephone equipment, or air-conditioners on the exterior
of any building or in any Common or Limited Common Area is prohibited without the prior written
approval of the Board.

2.7
Satellite dishes are allowed but must follow the FCC guidelines. All satellite dishes must be free standing
and placed on the deck of the unit. The dish cannot be attached to the railings of the deck or on the
exterior of any building. The siding cannot be drilled, or defaced in any way.

2.8
Because of concerns about window frame warranties and possible resulting moisture in exterior walls,
installation of in-window air conditioners is prohibited.

---

The Realtor Apartment
Homeowners' Association Rules and Regulations
Adopted: December 2, 1999
Revised: Jan 16, 2013
Page 3 of 6

3. Parking / Vehicles

3.1
All fire lanes are to remain clear of parked vehicles or other blocking items at all times. It is the
responsibility of the Homeowners' Association to enforce this policy in Common Areas. Violators of this
policy are subject to Homeowner's Association fines as specified in the Grievance / Fine Procedure
section below. In addition, any fines, penalties or lawsuits imposed by any agency or individual are the
sole responsibility of the owner of any offending vehicle.

3.2
The Board of Directors reserves the right to tow vehicles at the owner's risk and expense, without
notice, which are in violation of the following parking rules:

  - Parking in designated fire lanes, which includes either side of the access road to The Realtor
    Apartment, is prohibited.

  - Parking in any Common Area or Limited Common Area in such a way that the access to either a
    driveway or a private garage is blocked is prohibited with the exception of a homeowner being in
    attendance of a vehicle for the following reasons/purposes: washing a car, or working on a car (to
    the extent defined in Rule 3.9). In these cases, the car cannot block the street in any way.

  - Parking in front of any townhouse is prohibited (except for the mentioned reasons in #2 just above)
    as it is in violation of the fair and equitable use of the COMMON ELEMENTS, which includes the
    driveways in front of each unit and the streets within the development. See item #2 in the CC&R's
    under "Some Things You Should Know About A Condominium", and also under Section 10.2, on
    page 10.

3.3
All outdoor parking at The Realtor Apartment is designated as Visitor / Guest Parking and is to be used
for visitors and guests ONLY. The Realtor Apartment residents (homeowners and renters) must use their
garage for parking, and may not use visitor / guest parking as their garage overflow parking. Violating
vehicles are subject to being towed at the owner's expense. If the vehicle cannot be towed, the home
owner will be fined up to $100 per incident.

Visitor / guest parking is restricted to two days of parking in a seven day period. If a visitor / guest
vehicle is observed parking on three or more separate days in a seven day period, it will be in violation
of the rule and subject to penalties as indicated below.

Penalties:

First Observation: A written warning will be issued the first time a violation of Rule 3.3 occurs.

Second Observation: A $75 fine to the home owner and second warning will be issued upon subsequent
violation of Rule 3.3 indicating that the car is subject to being towed at the owner's expense for any
further violation of the rule.

Third Observation: The vehicle will be towed at the vehicle owner's expense, and the home owner will
be fined $100.

Repeat offenders of the parking rules will continue to be fined $100 per observation, and could have
their parking privileges rescinded for the remainder of the then-current calendar year at the discretion
of the HOA Board.

Guests who will need to park for more than two days in a seven day period require a green Guest Parking
Pass. This pass must be displayed in plain view, either on the dash or hanging from the rear-view mirror,
and can be obtained by contacting The Realtor Apartment's property management company
representative. These passes are intended for visitors who may be staying three days to three weeks.
Guests staying beyond three weeks may be considered "residents", and may or may not be granted a
Guest Parking Pass at the Board's sole discretion.

3.4.1
Exceptions may be allowed for homeowners who meet both of the following requirements:

  - Notify the Property Manager ahead of time that a guest needs to park for an extended period of time
    (past the allowable 2 days in a seven day period), and specify the period of time needed, make of
    car, license and color.

  AND

  - Properly display a GREEN Extended Guest Parking tag, which will be provided by the Board.

No other exceptions are permitted.

3.5
Parking citations are issued to unit owners. [Document continues.]
